README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
05/06/2022

### Project Title
Bikeshare

### Description
The Bikeshare python script analyzes data from three separate cities in the US

### Files used
bikeshare.py

### Credits
These are the links I could wrangle up that helped me write the program, but I know I used a lot more resources.
Essentially I scoured the whole pandas library looking for a lot of my solutions
https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/methods/built-in/divmod
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11858472/string-concatenation-of-two-pandas-columns
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.str.cat.html
https://www.w3schools.com/python/ref_func_round.asp
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.iloc.html

Commit message:

Added which cities to the read me file

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
05/06/2022

### Project Title
Bikeshare

### Description
The Bikeshare python script analyzes data from three separate cities in the US
These cities are: Chicago, Washington DC, and New York City

### Files used
bikeshare.py

### Credits
These are the links I could wrangle up that helped me write the program, but I know I used a lot more resources.
Essentially I scoured the whole pandas library looking for a lot of my solutions
https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/methods/built-in/divmod
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11858472/string-concatenation-of-two-pandas-columns
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.str.cat.html
https://www.w3schools.com/python/ref_func_round.asp
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.iloc.html
